---
layout: post
title: Android phones suck
tags: 
---
While I am [a supporter of Android](http://weblog.bulknews.net/2011/12/17
/horseshit-josh-topolsky-on-gruber-and-mg) (been a user for almost 2 years
now), I have to say that [parislemon's "Why I Hate Android"
post](http://parislemon.com/post/15604811641/why-i-hate-android) has a point.

Nexus One was a great idea, although it was meant to fail when Google gave up
Verizon and Sprint models in favor of Droid and EVO.

I've been using Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant, running [MIUI
ROM](http://miuiandroid.com/) with 2.3 Gingerbread. I like the software (MIUI
_is_ a great improvement over stock and CyanogenMod) and that I have a total
control and the ability to customize every aspect of the phone. My monthly fee
is [$30/mo Monthly 4G with Unlimited data, text and 100 minute voice](http
://prepaid-phones.t-mobile.com/monthly-4g-plans) and tethering doesn't incur
any additional charges.

However the hardware is getting old and is kind of slow, and the battery life
is a joke (8-10 hours of life with moderate use under 3G), no support for
HSPA+, GPS is crap - that's why I want to upgrade the phone.

There are hundeds of Android phones available in the market. No, there's
absolutely no single Android phone that I want to use. Why? Here's the
requirements for my new phone:

  * WCDMA Unlocked, support 2100MHz and hopefully AWS (T-Mobile)
  * Maximum 4 inch screen (my hand is small)
  * Support HSPA+ 42Mbps
  * Good battery life (No LTE)
  * Stock, no bloatware
  * Ability for tether/Wi-Fi hotspot with no additional cost
  * CyanogenMod / MIUI support would be nice

and I don't really care about camera quality or front facing camera, and I
don't need LTE.

That's not a huge list of requirements, but can't find a phone that satisfies
the requirements. Only thing I've found yet is [LG's T-Mobile
G2X](http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/phones/cell-phone-detail.aspx?cell-phone=T
-Mobile-G2x-with-Google) available on Amazon/craigslist around $250, but
that's almost one year old and i heard its battery life is shitty.

Also, the obvious other choice is an unlocked iPhone 4S. Or I should wait for
iPhone 5.

